[ Singing in Japanese ]
♪♪
[ Thunder rumbles ]
[ Wind whistling ]
♪♪
[ Soft clicking ]
[ Fire crackling ]
♪♪
[ Bell dings ]
[ Makaba grunts and sighs ]
[ Groans ]
♪♪
[ Door opens ]
[ Door closes ]
Hm?
[ Rattling ]
Enju? Kaede?
-Uh-oh.
-[ Gasps ] Makaba?
[ Door opens ]
Hmm?
Karin: Huh?
What are you doing
out here, Makaba?
Ugh.
The ants are here, too.
-Hey!
-Seriously, Karin?
Just what do you think
you're doing up her--
Huh?!
What the heck?!
Hearing Kei was coming
had us pretty rattled.
But our minds
are made up!
Kaede and Enju: We're gonna
go rescue Yukimaru and Fena!
Well, for once,
I agree with them.
Yukimaru can't
pull this off alone.
Then I can make that
crusty old ginger pay
for attacking
my beautiful face!
Tsubaki: That's the real reason
you're really going.
-Hey, uh...
-Huh?
If we're all going,
it might be better
if we went in the Bonito and not
the little boat, don't ya think?
Oh, yeah. Hadn't
thought of that.
Good point.
This plan is all
well and good, but...
there's still Shitan.
Of all his annoying traits,
his rule-following is...
Shitan: Is what?
Gah!
S-S-Shitan?!
Uh, hey. We, uh...
Shitan! Okay. So, hear me out.
I came up with this great plan.
All we gotta do is --
Do whatever you like.
Uh...
I'm returning.
B-But, Shitan...
♪♪
Do you remember
why you took up the bow?
What was the reason?
Hmm?
The bows that I make
are stiff.
The arrows
don't fly straight.
And most people
didn't want to use them.
But then one day,
you did.
What you said to me
was this --
"It's amazing, Makaba.
With a bow like this, I'll
be able to keep Yukimaru safe."
Hmm...
Do you remember that?
We have fought a lot
of battles together.
And how many times now have you
saved Yukimaru with your arrows?
Yukimaru has saved my life.
And Tsubaki, too.
We made a kind of circle.
Then the twins and Karin
showed up,
and our circle grew bigger.
And now Fena is our
newest member to join,
making our circle even bigger.
I may be wrong,
but I think that's a good thing.
[ Wind whistles ]
Shitan...
the rest of us are going to
save Yukimaru and Fena.
And not because of our code
or some ulterior motive,
but because they're
our friends, our circle.
You know?
Shitan...
♪♪
When he's on his own,
Yukimaru gets into trouble.
You know that.
And saving Yukimaru
is your role, isn't it?
Let's save him
together.
♪♪
Fena: This person...
is my mother?
♪♪
Helena des Armoises.
And this portrait of her
is the only remaining image.
I painted it myself.
You painted this?
Actually, I'm not finished
with it yet.
It's based on hazy memories
from when I was a boy.
But regardless
of the colors I apply...
or how deftly
I wield my brush...
I'm unable to capture
even half of her beauty.
And those memories
are fading.
Slowly, she's
slipping away from me.
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
You were...in love
with my mother.
Is that right?
And, uh...
do you know if...?
Did she love you?
[ Indistinct conversations ]
[ Wind whistling ]
[ Gasps ]
Huh?
What's the matter?
It's the Rumble Rose, Sir.
She's coming back.
♪♪
I just have to
know the truth.
Helena.
Did Helena love me?
If so, then why did she
take you and --
Aah!
What's going on?!
Oh, she's opened fire!
[ Gasps ]
[ Rumbling ]
Helena.
[ Gasps ]
[ Panting ] Lord Abel!
What's the matter?
The Rumble Rose!
They...
They've turned
their ship around, sir!
And now they're
firing on us!
Fire!
♪♪
[ Cannon fire ]
What are
your orders, sir?
I would like you
to remain here.
I will return soon.
♪♪
-Her status?
-She's closing in.
Raise sail. Port rudder.
Turn 45 degrees.
Right away, sir!
Come about!
45 degrees, men!
Crewman: Come about!
45 degrees!
Crewman #2: Coming about!
♪♪
My best guess is they plan
to use covering fire
to get close enough
to board us, sir.
The only advantage their ship
has over us is speed.
Like flies
swarming to the spoils.
Load the Wellington
with an explosive round.
Sir?
Not to overstep my bounds,
but that's a new weapon
that was developed to breach
the walls of Saint-Malo.
It's hardly something
that's appropriate
for a lone, rickety
pirate ship.
Captain...
[ Grumbles ]
Prepare
the Wellington cannon!
Load an explosive round!
♪♪
Those ships
were sailing together,
and now they're fighting.
♪♪
Has the balance of power
broken down?
What caused it?
Something's happened.
The Blue Giant
is coming back around!
Are they showing
their flank?
Actually, it looks like
they want a tête-à-tête.
Well now,
this should be fun.
We'll show them what happens
to those foolish enough
to get in our way.
Huh?
[ Grumbles ]
♪♪
I've never seen a cannon
that massive before.
What the hell is that?
We're ready to fire.
You should brace yourself.
Fire.
Now full speed ahead!
We're going in!
Captain: Fire!
♪♪
[ Screaming ]
Unh! What's going on?!
[ All grunting ]
Aah!
What is happening?!
This can't be.
[ Grunting ]
♪♪
Huh?
Abel.
[ Growls ]
[ Gasps ]
Fena!
[ Rumbling fades ]
♪♪
As I surmised,
it's overkill
to use this weapon
against such a little ship.
Makes a mess of the sea.
Book of Matthew.
Chapter 9, verse 16.
Sir?
If I'm not mistaken, wasn't that
the one about old wine?
On that note, care to
join me for a drink tonight,
my good commander?
[ Scoffs ]
[ Fire crackling ]
[ Wood creaking ]
[ Gasps ]
Yukimaru: Fena.
♪♪
[ Teen Yukimaru groans ]
Kei: Yukimaru.
Look at me.
[ Groans ]
Do you understand
why you can't best me?
♪♪
It's because your heart
is too timid.
You are afraid of me.
And that fear
stiffens your limbs,
which slows
your movements.
The weakness in you heart
is your fatal flaw.
Whenever you feel afraid,
you must slash through it
with the utmost calm.
Conquer your emotions.
Only then...
will you have
a clear enough head
to master your
circumstances well.
[ Wind whistling ]
♪♪
[ Wood creaking ]
With no hesitation.
Just one shot.
Apologies, but I'm afraid
I can't do that.
Because apparently,
we will need
both the girl
and the coordinates.
Their targets are
the coordinates and Fena,
which means they'd never sink
any ship Fena was aboard.
[ Wind whistling ]
Hm.
It's burning.
That ship.
It's burning!
[ Sobs ]
[ Gasps ]
[ Crew shouting ]
[ Evil laughter ]
♪♪
Fena: Red.
The Red demons.
Huh? M-Miss?
Are you all right?
[ Whimpering ]
-Are you feeling seasick?
-What's wrong?
[ Fena gasps ]
[ Young Fena whimpering ]
[ Man groans ]
♪♪
Crew member: Please Miss Fena!
Save yourself!
Ugh!
♪♪
[ Young Fena gasps ]
[ Gasping ]
They were...
blue demons.
You think the flash
put her in shock?
Oh, bother.
Stay back!
You were there, too.
I saw!
[ Evil laughter ]
[Whimpering] No.
N-o-o-o!
-What on earth?
-Clearly, she's mad.
Captain:
What's all the commotion?
Not sure, sir. Lord Abel's
"guest" seems to be in shock.
Captain: His "guest"?
She's another of his
prostitutes, a worthless whore.
Throw that wench
in the brig!
But Lord Abel said --
I'm still captain here,
and I'll be damned
if I'll have a crazy person
running loose on my ship!
I'll take the fall if need be.
Now do as you're ordered!
-Aye, aye, sir.
-Aye, aye.
Fena: S-Save me.
Save me.
Yukimaru!
Yukimar-u-u-u-u!
♪♪
[ Grunts ]
Yukimaru!
Yukimaru:
Stay right there.
♪♪
-[ Gasps ]
-We've been boarded!
[ Weapons cocking ]
♪♪
-Yukimaru!
-I'll protect you.
If anyone so much
as lays a finger on you...
Aah!
♪♪
[ Crewmen grunt ]
...I'll show no mercy.
Well? What are you men
waiting for?! Shoot him, now!
But we might hit her!
So? I don't care!
Shoot the bastard!
[ Gunshot echoes ]
[ Yukimaru gasps ]
♪♪
Yukimaru: [ Grunts ]
You were...
[ Fena gasps ]
Yukimaru! No, no, no.
Yukimaru! Please!
Please don't die!
Stay with me!
[ Groans ] Fena.
Run away.
Yukimaru. No!
Escort her to my cabin.
Be gentle.
Crewman:
And the trespasser?
-Kill him.
-[ Gasps ]
♪♪
Stay back!
[ Crewman grunting ]
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
[ Crewmen shouting ]
Too many! Makaba!
♪♪
[ Gasps ] Makaba!
Crewman: Stay calm!
It's just a smoke screen!
Crewman #2: Put it out!
[ Crewmen coughing ]
♪♪
[ Footsteps ]
[ Singing in Japanese ]
♪♪